c:\users\inocente\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\newrestc\newrestc\bin\Debug\newrestc.exe.config
c:\users\inocente\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\newrestc\newrestc\obj\Debug\newrestc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\inocente\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\newrestc\newrestc\obj\Debug\Interop.ADODB.dll
c:\users\inocente\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\newrestc\newrestc\obj\Debug\newrestc.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\inocente\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\newrestc\newrestc\obj\Debug\newrestc.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\inocente\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\newrestc\newrestc\obj\Debug\newrestc.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\inocente\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\newrestc\newrestc\bin\Debug\newrestc.exe
c:\users\inocente\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\newrestc\newrestc\bin\Debug\newrestc.pdb
c:\users\inocente\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\newrestc\newrestc\obj\Debug\newrestc.exe
c:\users\inocente\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\newrestc\newrestc\obj\Debug\newrestc.pdb
C:\Users\inocente\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\newrestc\newrestc\obj\Debug\newrestc.FormularioPrincipal.resources
C:\Users\inocente\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\newrestc\newrestc\bin\Debug\newrestc.exe.config
C:\Users\inocente\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\newrestc\newrestc\obj\Debug\Interop.ADODB.dll
C:\Users\inocente\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\newrestc\newrestc\obj\Debug\newrestc.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\inocente\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\newrestc\newrestc\obj\Debug\newrestc.exe
C:\Users\inocente\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\newrestc\newrestc\obj\Debug\newrestc.pdb
C:\Users\inocente\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\newrestc\newrestc\bin\Debug\newrestc.exe
C:\Users\inocente\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\newrestc\newrestc\bin\Debug\newrestc.pdb
C:\Users\inocente\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\newrestc\newrestc\obj\Debug\newrestc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\inocente\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\newrestc\newrestc\obj\Debug\newrestc.FormularioPrincipal.resources
C:\Users\inocente\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\newrestc\newrestc\obj\Debug\newrestc.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\inocente\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\newrestc\newrestc\obj\Debug\newrestc.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
